I've gone ahead and closed all of the open files that we had so we
can just focus on a couple of specific things here.
I decided to incorporate two smaller examples into one here,
thus demonstrating the fetch types,
but also creating another RESTful service so you didn't have to write a
bunch of JSP and HTML code to illustrate this demo.
I'm going to start out by opening up Registration,
and the first thing we're going to do is go down
here and add a fetch type in here.
So we'll say fetch and FetchType because there's an enum for this is LAZY.
Now before we leave out of here though, I do want to add one other annotation.
And this is just because we chose to do this as a RESTful service.
I want to say @JsonManagedReference.
And all this does, very simple, is it just says,
hey, when you go to export this as JSON,
don't cascade and keep trying to repopulate the whole tree.
Grab it at one level and return.
If that doesn't make any sense to you, don't worry about it.
Just know that if you omit this, you will get an error.
The next thing we need to do is open up Course,
and on our many‑to‑one above that,
we need to do an @JsonBackReference and save it.
That's all we had to do to these objects.
Easy enough.
Now to create that RESTful service,
I want to point out two things here because I don't want you to
be caught off guard when you go to use this.
We try to make these courses toward it's real world and real‑life scenario.
If you open up our UserController,
you'll notice that it's annotated at the top as a RestController.
That means that every method you call inside of here
returns the body as a response body.
If you look at our RegistrationController, it's just a standard controller.
It's not a big deal,
but it doesn't annotate every return type as a response body.
Now as we go to create this, it'll make more sense.
I'm actually going to make this easier on myself and
copy this method and paste it.
Change this URL to registrations and getRegistrations.
This is where it starts to change.
I'm going to say @ResponseBody,
and it's going to return a list of Registration objects.
Then we can get rid of this ModelAttribute in here because
we're not trying to return that anymore.
And we'll return this line down.
And the next thing we want to do is say List
Registration registrations is equal to, and we haven't created this method yet,
registrationService.findAll.
And we'll get a red error for this.
We'll change our return type to registrations.
So that ResponseBody annotation just said,
hey, whatever I return, I want you to turn that into JSON,
and that's why we had to add that ResponseBody annotation is
because this is a standard controller and add that Json reference
and BackManage reference in our two objects.
Now let's create this method inside of our registrationService.
And if I hover over it and choose the quickfix of Create
method findAll in the RegistrationService,
I can save this.
When I open up my RegistrationServiceImpl,
it'll ask me if I want to create that entity there,
and I'll say Yes.
Click OK.
And we're going to pass this right through to our repository.
So we'll say return registrationRepository.findAll.
And we haven't created this method yet either.
Now why are we duplicating these methods?
Well,
because there may be some business logic that we want to incorporate in here.
And again, that's where we would do this is in our service tier.
That business logic may be things like pagination or sorting or a
select number of rows that we return per user,
or we implement some security.
All of that stuff would happen inside of this method here in our service tier,
not in our repository.
So let's save this,
and then we'll choose the quickfix on this error and do the same exact thing.
We'll say Create method findall in that RegistrationRepository.
So we'll save this, open up our RegistrationRepository,
and this is where we're going to go through and create that query using JPQL.
So we'll say Implement methods, OK,
and this, we'll leave it returning null for a second.
We'll say List Registration registrations = entityManager.createQuery.
And inside of here, we'll say Select r from Registration r .getResultList.
And don't forget our semicolon on the end there.
Now again,
I can't stress enough that that Select r from
Registration is referring to the object.
And that's why it has to be spelled out exactly like our class name,
Registration.
Those two are exactly the same.
So there's our select statement.
We'll change this return to return registrations, and our code is actually done.
We're going to go through and grab this. Now why is this a unique example?
Well, a couple of things.
One, we're going to use a RESTful service to do the get on it.
It's currently going to do this lazy.
It is also going to show how you cascade a list inside of an object
through a RESTful service because that's an error that catches a lot
of people off guard. And we're using JPQL.
We've got all of that rolled up into one example here.
So let's start our server, and then I'm going to switch
over to Postman. And I've gone ahead and deleted our entire
history that I had in Postman.
I'm going to create a new request here. And for the URL, I'm going
to do localhost:8080/conference/registrations and click the Send
link. And you can see it returned our object for us, and the parent
object is our registration, and inside of that is our course.
And it displayed all of that.
So that was all done going out to our query.
If we switch back to our IDE, we can see the SQL that was ran here,
and it looks like it was around more than once.
It actually wasn't.
It's because we have the debug statements turned up to show all that.
But you can see where it grabs our registration.
And then, as we call or cascade through our object,
it calls the lazy load to also display the courses when we see that.
If you want to mess around with that some more,
you can go into your registration object and change this to eager
and run it again to see that it's pulled the very first time it
comes back from the database. So you can put some log statements in
and walk through all of that,
but you can see the difference between lazy and eager. And
we grabbed all of that using a RESTful service call that just went out and did a get.